poetry
Beautiful, poetry is beautiful
Qin Gongzi, you really came to the appointment
No viewing lights tonight
Anyway.
I have to find out the truth about the Qin family tragedy
Yo, isn't that the concubine?
He still wants to spend the night with his teacher and grandpa
A group of talents to Liu Shishi girl
They don't know what to do.
How can he guess it?
Yes!
With just one word of blessing, there are thousands of solutions
Who can guess Shishi's heart?
I already have a family
Don't ask to spend the night with the girl who tried it
If I get the answer right
Please try it, girl, promise me a condition.
Pretending to be a true gentleman
Can you guess it with such confidence?
The little woman agreed to ask for a salary to solve the problem
Force me to gradually
The answer that Shishi Girl wants is by no means a word
It's not an idiom.